[ECOINT-305] Add live bandwidth metric and update dashboard layout (#2840)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cloudsmith/README.md

This check monitors [Cloudsmith][1] through the Datadog Agent.
- Monitor storage, bandwidth and token usage in your Cloudsmith account. 

### Data Freshness Notes
The current `cloudsmith.storage_used` and `cloudsmith.bandwidth_used` metrics are sourced from Cloudsmith's quota endpoint, which is updated by Cloudsmith at most once per day. This means rapid changes during the day may not immediately appear in these percentage metrics. They remain valuable for daily quota tracking, trend visualization, and threshold alerting (warning at 75%, critical at 85%).

To visualize historical daily usage, the provided dashboard now includes time series (line and bar) widgets for storage and bandwidth percentage. You can clone the dashboard and adjust time ranges (e.g., last 30 days) to see how quota consumption evolves.

> Real-time bandwidth bytes are available via the Cloudsmith v2 analytics time-series endpoint and are disabled by default for backward compatibility. When enabled they provide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real-time bandwidth bytes are available through the Cloudsmith v2 analytics time-series endpoint and are disabled by default for backward compatibility. When enabled they provide:
```

* `cloudsmith.bandwidth_bytes_interval`: Total bytes downloaded in the most recent minute bucket.

> Enable by setting `enable_realtime_bandwidth: true` in `cloudsmith.yaml`. All other parameters (interval, aggregation, look-back, refresh cadence) use sensible internal defaults and do not require configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable, set `enable_realtime_bandwidth: true` in `cloudsmith.yaml`. All other parameters (interval, aggregation, look-back, refresh cadence) use sensible internal defaults and do not require configuration.
```

> If the endpoint returns fewer than two data points the integration skips emission for that cycle to prevent misleading values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the endpoint returns fewer than two data points, the integration skips emission for that cycle to prevent misleading values.
```

> Dashboard queries include the template variable `cloudsmith_org` so you can scope all views to a specific organization or switch between them easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboard queries include the template variable `cloudsmith_org` so you can scope all views to a specific organization or switch between them.
```
